documentation/ZENKO-3060_document_metadata_search_ui (#1109)
scality/Zenko: docs/docsource/operation/Metadata_Search/index.rst

Metadata Search
===============

Production systems usually mark generated files with metadata tags.

> Scality’s object storage model also inscribes metadata to objects to

Reviewer: inscribes = dedicates? Maybe it's a simpler word better understood by users?

Author: Changed to "assigns"

create a searchable, manageable namespace for stored files. |product|’s
metadata search enables you to use these tags to perform powerful
metadata searches on objects stored through |product|.

|product| metadata searches can be performed from the command line or from

> the Orbit graphical user interface. Both searches use a common SQL-like

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the |product| user interface. Both searches use a common SQL-like
```
